List the flights from Baltimore to Seattle that stop in Minneapolis .
I need to arrive at Charlotte at around five p.m .
What are the flights from Milwaukee to Tampa ?
What about in Indianapolis ?
I would like to travel from Indianapolis to Houston .
I would like to travel to Westchester .
List American Airlines flights from New York Newark to Nashville .
Thanks .
What flights are there from Nashville to Houston tomorrow evening that serve dinner ?
I 'd like to fly next Friday .
Which of those are nonstop ?
I want a flight from Ontario to Chicago .
What about Monday afternoon ?
Show me the dinner flights from Baltimore to Oakland .
Which of these are dinner flights ?
How many fares are there one way from Tacoma to Montreal ?
What flights go from ?
Show me the first flight that arrives in Toronto from Cincinnati .
Is United Airlines flight four thirty a nonstop flight ?
Show me the nonstop nonstop flights from Nashville to Saint Louis .
What flights are there from Phoenix to Milwaukee ?
What flights leave from Nashville to Phoenix ?
What flights are there from Charlotte to Baltimore ?
What flights are there from New York City to Las Vegas ?
Arriving before four p.m .
Flights from Newark to Tampa on Friday on U S Air .
Show afternoon flights from Houston to Dallas .
Show me flights arriving within thirty minutes of each other .
Monday around noon .
Flights after twelve hundred hours .
Friday night .
From Atlanta to Washington D C .
What flights from Las Vegas to San Diego .
What flights from Houston to Milwaukee on Friday on American Airlines .
What is the price ?
What flights from Las Vegas to Phoenix on Saturday .
What restrictions on fare code H .
What is the price ?
Flights from Kansas City to Cleveland on Wednesday before five p.m .
Flight from Cleveland to Nashville .
Flights from Ontario to Orlando .
Cheapest flight from Miami to Indianapolis .
Which of those leaves either Wednesday or Thursday ?
Traveling first class .
Return flight number .
Show business class fares .
Cheapest fare .
Ground transportation in Las Vegas .
Return flight numbers .
Show me ground transportation in Denver during weekdays .
Newark to Cleveland daily .
Flights from La Guardia or J F K to Cleveland .
All flights from Montreal less than one hundred fifty dollars .
Show me all flights that depart before ten a.m and have first class .
Show me the fares .
Show me the meals on Southwest Airlines .
Show me the flights from Dulles International to San Diego with one stop in Los Angeles .
Show me the flights that accept frequent flyer tickets .
